Yes! Yes, y'all! Welcome to Harmontown. How are you feeling tonight? You look gorgeous.
Let me hear you at home. How are you feeling tonight? Excellent! We're so very happy to be here.
It's so good to see all of you. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Game Master,
King of All Kings, Spencer Crittenden. Yes! Yes! I have the unique and special honor of bringing to you
now two-time Emmy winner. God bless you, Rick and Morty. Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands
together for the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, yeah, rap, yo, rap to the beat, yo, rap, rap, yeah, yeah, rap to the beat, rap to the rhymes,
rap to your mama's booty, wind chimes, blowing in the wind, ringing around, a bucket so hard,
a bottom by the pound, went to the deli, got three ounces, fucked your mama like a lion,
pounces on that pussy, nine to five, fucked your mama just to stay alive, I'm a vampire,
I gotta suck your mama, Osama, knock it down, knock your mama's pussy down, where was building seven?
Okay. You notice your, did you know your mama's pussy does not, it's boiling point is less than
steel. Just start asking questions, America. Stop, you fucking sheeple. Yeah, I mean, like, well,
we had our 300th episode, it was the last thing we did, right? And I watched that clip of me trying
to learn from open mic. We did an episode after that. Oh, did we? I just, I don't know why I can't
learn things. Because you have to remember shit to learn. You can be a really hard worker,
it wouldn't matter if you're an alcoholic. God, I've been to the crossroads eight times,
when am I going to learn the blues? You keep drinking too much, Ralph Macchio in the movie
Crossroads. I don't know, I obviously, yes, I do have a story from Emmy Knight that I don't
think would be in any trouble. Did you, you were at the Emmys? I was at the Emmys and I won an Emmy,
we all, obviously. And what I mean is, when I say, I mean, the show that I work on, but like,
well, where are the, you know, it's me, it's this shows about me, I won an Emmy. Right, right. In
mixed company, I'd be like, you know, who won an Emmy is Sid in marketing. Right, right. Remember
when they marketed Rick and Morty successfully? Yeah, that fateful day. Yeah. Thank you, Sid.
It is an award for everybody. So you were saying,
well, I do have, look here, the craziest fucking thing. So we, maybe I oversold it by saying that,
because it's also like insidiously not crazy. It was just this odd thing, or maybe I'm listening
to too many of these like creepy pasta podcasts, where there's just like these little stories about
little shit where you encounter, like you accidentally like, open this Lovecraftian advent
window and the calendar of your monotonous life. And then, oh, I wrote the subway wrong. And then
the people had tentacles and Slender Man was like, what next stop? I have no face. And then, but then
you went back and you're like, never touch an elevator wrong. Are you going to tell the Emmy
story in a crazy Canadian voice? One of the things I like to do is go to the Emmy Awards.
So we, you get sat in, you know, with your peeps like, so like, it's a big production. We got like
basically a full row in this auditorium is sort of like, you look down the row and you're seeing
people that you worked with and that are there tonight for that are on the show. And, but that's
not, you know, you don't recognize it. It's an entire row. So that's not necessarily a thing
that you're conscious of. And then, so Justin, because he's the cool one, shows up last. And
like, I had been sitting there with Cody and then like, there's another row behind us and
Ryan Ridley's back there. And it's like, people like, you know, there's another whole row behind us.
And people are chatting and things and the theater slowly fills up. And Justin's like,
rolling in with his girlfriend, like, really close to just like, the lights are going down and
they're going to, the guy comes out and he explains, your acceptance speech has to be this long. And
when you, if I do this, you got to do this or whatever. And it's like, not a big deal. But it's
like, Justin's like standing in the aisle. And he's got an estate. And it's like, he's like,
making this gesture. And we finally realize, oh, shit, we look at the row. And there's one seat
empty. And he's standing there with his date. And he's going like, you know, he's like making this
because we're all having to be hushed now. And he's like, jump out. And we're like, oh, God,
one seat open. And so then this is like, kind of flurry of this panic starts to happen. Like,
what, what could possibly go wrong? So the, I don't know when to reveal that this whole time
in the story, there's this guy sitting there that is alone and is not, does not work on the show.
And it's, and it's just sort of like, he looks like, you know, if I was casting this movie,
he would, I would cast him, I would cast Jolo Trulio as this guy. He was, he was, he was a,
he was a, he was a, he was an attractive man in a, in a, in a respectfully diminutive package
that sort of like, it was like, he's not, he's not a big bruiser. He's not a, he's not a, he's not
a basketball player. I was like, he's kind of like, here I am. I'm this guy. I got, I got my frame
and I'm occupying my space. And he looked good in his suit. And, and he was, he was sitting there
when I got there. And I got there, you know, pretty early. And it was like, the theater was
like filling up and he was just sitting there. So like, who is going to, there's, there's a guy,
Justin's going like, who do I don't know? And so then obviously the first thing everybody that's,
you know, like me is going to go like, okay, this must be my fault. I'm going to look at my ticket.
I'm going to, and I look and I go, oh, see, and Cody's like, see, you're in the 315. And look
where you're, and I'm in 3, I don't know, 13 or something like that. And she's like, and I'm in
314. And then this, this Joe LaTrulyo guy is like next to her. And it was like, and we're like,
okay, all right. Well, it's, and the guy is like, he's not not participating in it. He's not with
anybody. He's not distracted. He's just sort of watching it all unfold. He's just going like,
like, huh? Yeah. And then, and then, and then we, and then we go, so we finally like, I go 315.
And Cody, like, it's like, I'm standing in 313. She's standing in 314. So like already, you know,
we're not, but we're still airing on the side of caution by going, so Cody goes,
sorry, what, what seat are you in? And he's been watching and he like, and he looks down between
his legs and he looks where the seat thing is, because he's like 315. And we're like, okay, well,
but also that doesn't explain, like just him being in the wrong seat doesn't explain anything.
But him not not supposed to be thereing is would explain everything. Yeah. And explain everything.
He didn't show you a ticket. If he was an alien, it would explain everything. Because then there
would be exactly two seats that are there are the two people that are there in the full row.
But no one's going there in their head. Everyone's just like, oh, okay. So, and it's like clear,
like I'm swear, I'm telling you, like he's not being passive aggressive, like ignoring us,
like he's sort of like fascinated by what's happening. Yeah. Because he's like, he's kind of
helping out a little bit. It's kind of hard to describe. Sorry, I'm spilling my drink everywhere.
But like he's like he's sort of like involved. He is like he was it was I'm judging too much.
I'm analyzing too much during the story because I'd like to analyze it forever after the story.
But like a footnote here is looking back on it. My perception is that his goal was to
fucking blend. And you don't blend by just ignoring everyone to blend. He also was like, like, like,
uh-huh, like he was like, he was part of the fracas. Yeah. He was like helping out. And
then one of my, and he goes like, like, and then I go, I'm sorry, can we, and he goes,
you want to switch seats? And he gets up and he switches seats with me, which just skirts the
issue. It's fucking, he's like, because it gets me in the right seat and look, we're all fuck ups
here. I've been sitting in 313 my whole life and I'm 315. Who are we going to judge right now?
And he's like, so I'm switching seats with this guy and then he plops down and the thing.
And it just keeps mounting because it's like, it's a situation where there's no authority
really. Like, it's not like a theater where you're like, I'm going to go get the kid with the
flashlight. You know, like, I'm going to put an end to all this shenanigans. Someone's going to
go, dammit. It's like, it's a too big a theater and the timing's wrong and the anxiety's wrong.
Like, you don't, you don't do that here. It feels like you don't know what to do. And so because
no one knows what to do, but the urgency is, is keeps heightening. Something happens and something
just snaps. And I, that's the part of the story. I don't really know because somewhere over there
where this guy, this guy has switched seats with me, somebody finally has an exchange with him
that very quickly gets resolved and he goes like, and then he just, he starts leaving.
And then we're like, and then like, then Justin and, and, and Ozzie, you're going to go like,
sit down now. And, and in the wake of it, we're like, okay, cool. What the fuck? And then,
and then the person that was over there that had had the immediate change was like, he said he was
a seat filler. Um, no, I don't know. I don't know. Someone has misinterpreted that job description.
Yeah. Yeah. Ain't no volunteer seat filler. So I'm like, I'm like, so, so a couple, like a couple
of the logic tree branches here, like, okay, world's most like dedicated seat filler, Paul Blart
seat filler, like that's the bit is like, I'm going to, I was born to fill seats. I'm going to,
my mom always said never leave a seat unfilled. Like it's just some perversion of a seat that
doesn't exist. That's not, that's not real. Um, then a cousin of that theory is I just picture
the guy like at some, there's like seat filler culture where the guy's like, you ever hear of
Dale, uh, Shannon, man? No, the Dale, what? Uh, season three of Nash Bridges, uh, Golden Globes,
Jeremy seat fills next to Melanie Griffith. Yeah. Don Johnson's in the bathroom, food poisoning.
Jeremy ends up going to the governor's ball with Mel. Now he calls her Mel. You know why?
Why? He became a associate producer the next, the following week. Like, I don't, like, like,
like these stories where you go like, you know, Bruce Willis was a bartender and then he like,
he said, uh, uh, come out to the coast, have a few laughs while he was making a drink and
someone was like, say that again, but now say it in an air vent. Um, okay, now be on moon lighting
for eight years and then, uh, some seagrams, gold wine coolers and that. I got, I got, I see you in
an air vent baby saying that we get, we get, you know, Hollywood is high stakes and like crazy
stories and like, we just find the dude that asked him to play harmonica and stab him in his face.
So that the guy might have been, the guy might have been, and then someone made the joke that
was like, when Justin rolled up that the guy was like, yeah, nice try rookie seat filler.
Hilarious. Because he's like the Justin and he's like, yeah, yeah, nice. And we were laughing
about that, but here's, here's what I, I swear it's rare that I, I genuinely believe the crazier
more art bell thing. I, I, I don't think that any of that stuff explains it. I don't, I don't believe
that he was a seat filler explains the thing. I think that he may or may not have technically
been one, but more importantly, he was part of a fucking crazy, like weird thing that 10 years
from now, there'll be a Netflix documentary of not just about him. It won't be like the seat
stealer. It'll, it'll be called like seat stealers. Like, and it'll be about the fact that like,
there's like five or six people that know that the guy, and then, and then everyone, every, every
award show, there's always like a big thing where like there's 60 people on stage. I always go up
for that. Like he would go up because there was like this thing where they had all the Star Trek
people come out and they're just talking about Star Trek for like what seemed like like star dates.
And, and I was just thinking like, yeah, that guy could have just wandered up there and like
stood next to LeVar Burton and been like, yeah, yeah. Like, like, like, what an art that would be,
but not if you did it once, but if you did it 20 times over 20 years, and just, you just decided
like, I'm going to do it until I get caught. And then if I get caught, then I'm going to just like,
see what I can do. Like I'll request all the footage and I'll piece something together. I just,
it's like, like, like this is art or something. He just had this look on his face. I look back
and I'm like, we met a gremlin. We met a unicorn. We brushed like with like some like, like, like
something real, something mythical. I wish he would try that shit at the BET Awards.
God, I mean, what if he did? What if he did? And they were like, what if he came on the show
and he was like, yeah, oh, yeah, nice, like, roll a clip. And I was like, all the more. And it's
like, of course, there's like one like white dude there. And there's like little navy blue coat,
like, of course. Anyway, it just makes sense to everyone. It's just like this Zellig, you know,
thing. Yeah, I, he, that guy, boy, he did not want to stop filling that seat. Yeah. And I think
that he fascinates you because you have a thing, perhaps as I do, which is you wonder how someone
takes, they get those balls. How do you get the balls to sit there and enter, you know,
entertain the idea that you might get thrown out, but that you might serve. And that entwines with
your fraud complex, which is like, oh, you know, why am I better than a seat filler? The, you know,
of course, you're gonna, your mind's gonna go there when it's like that we like any place where
there's class is imputed, whatever. That's not the word in life. Like your head immediately goes,
what am I doing here? What am I doing? And then, so then you think and then that, yeah, I, it's
both of those things. It's like, like, what, like, how can you fucking, so if you got, if you, if you
were like, would I, would I, and didn't I? Yeah, I did. Yeah, that's all I did. Just fill the seat.
Also, you do, you kind of, it resets you. Like you said, you go, Jesus Christ, we're in the same
space right now. Yours is a fraud, and that you're not supposed to be here. So is mine. And so is mine.
Yeah. And you have like some like, like quirky in 90s indie movie thing, or like, I'm going to give
you this, my dead father's watch. Yeah. When it stops ticking, you and I trade back or whatever,
like, just like sliding doors thing, or like, I keep filling the seat or, or like Donald Sutherland
comes down with a popcorn cart, and he's like, like, there's like a seat filler coupon, but it's
magic. And like, so like, I, and I'm like being obnoxious and doing coke and going like, at least
I'm not a seat filler. I'll tell you what, I wish, I wish, I wish I could fill his seat just to show
him how much more I do with it. Yo, Sutherland popcorn. Here you go. I'm from Maine. It's
lightning. Are you referencing the Marsha Mason movie? I don't know what movie I'm. It's the Jason
Robarts comes to town. Oh, well, Jason wrote you mean dream a little dream. Was that what it was called?
No, it's this. It's a single mother. She's got a son. Oh, Mr. Dynamite or something like that.
Mr. Dynamite. Fantastic. He comes to town and he changes this woman's life. He's a millionaire.
It's ages old, but it's very similar. Oh, no, I'm not familiar with this. I thought you were talking
about like, because we were vaguely alluding to body swapping things. Did you see the thing
with him and Corey Feldman? No, but apparently a lot of movies share the same plot. Yeah,
magic abounds. All right, well, let's let's let's bring out Rob Schrab.
Ladies and gentlemen, back from a season of championships, we welcome the wonderful Rob
Schrab. Ladies and gentlemen, Rob Schrab. Welcome back.
Hello. What did we do during the show after the 300th one? I was a
Oh, no, I wasn't here. Are you talking to me? Anyone that was here? I don't know.
Schrab wasn't here. So good thing you brought me out.
I was just lying. Schrab was here. Hey, read you a quick.
This is from like, okay, you want to know me. Maybe it's maybe for one hour. It's safe to click
your name. I get emails from the publicity firm. They go like, oh, press roundup or whatever. And
they even vet them for like, you know, they're not going to like, you know, here's here's all of your
you being mentioned on the internet. Like, they lose clients that way. This is the first win for
adult swim. Oh, shit, right? Wait, no, wait, is this their first Emmy adult swim? Well, I don't
I don't know about that. I know. I mean, it's certainly it was good to see you too, Dan.
Well, you you put you paused and I had a thing.
Okay, here it is. All right, sorry. A lot of that was just I don't know how to work my phone.
You can't do that. You can't come out and then sit for five minutes. And then I'm like, all right,
moving on. I'm going to do this thing. And then you're like, well, how do you do, you know, come
out with a fucking story about a bear or something or come out, make yourself at home and chill. And
I'm not going to tell my thing about my the thing I got my phone. That's another way to do it.
What do you want me to ask you? Like, oh, what's been going on like a host of a show?
No, just invite somebody out to heaven, sit and watch you talk.
All right, now let's build out to bring out Bill Johnson. All right, Bill Johnson, sit down.
So anyway, I was eating a sandwich. This sandwich is fucking great. I was eating this.
Bill Johnson is going, why did why did I even leave the house? Why did I come here? I don't have to
stand. All right, well, what's new with you? And it better be fucking amazing.
Vape adventures. Oh, okay. I'm into vapes now as what did you did you and Spencer Spencer and I
went on a vape adventure and a vape sure a Spencer vape adventure. So hashtag vape culture, vape
culture. Okay, all right. I, I thought I thought it through in my head. I categorized it as not
technically a rape joke. But right, the customer is always right. And let's let's keep communicating
like that. And I'm fine with it if you are. I did I vetted it. I did not want to hurt anybody.
The public has spoken rhyming counts and I didn't know it. And I will not make the same mistake
again. That debt, you know, we're a couple years away from that being on a poster of some dream
works. Like I mean, yeah, well, yeah, grape culture. Oh, I didn't know that's
rude. I mean, yeah, yeah, like, okay. And we're gonna be gone. Oh, grape culture. That sounds
familiar. Jesus. What the fuck? Mommy, why is it that interesting? I don't know. Who are you?
Why are you in my car? Vape adventure starring Spencer, Rob and Kate. So Spencer text me super
early in the morning. So early. So early. Like, um, like what, like 415. What? Yeah. No, no,
not that. Actually, I think you, you, you texted me like, like the night before and I didn't get
it until the night of all important information. So, uh, you know, you come over and we go to the
magic place where, you know, you get your vape on and there's like, there's so much Rick and Morty
stuff there, Dan, they got it all hang out. You should go there. You should go. Well,
pretty cool. He's got the hanging on wall. They might give you some free shit.
Might give you some free shit. Oh, I got the one and I mean, pretty cool. You got that on the
wall. Rob's doing a good face. Pretty cool. You got it on the wall. I just wanted to do with that a
little bit. Why is he elbow? Look at his face he's making. So anyway, we go in there and they set
me up with vape. They said Kate and I up with some good vapes. We got some good vapes. Like, we got
two different brands. We got or not flavors. What are they called? Uh, well, that there's
different like varieties of weed that are called brands. Okay. So we got two different brands.
Go home and Spencer is like, all right, that's how you do it. And he said, he tells us how to put
the battering thing. He's squeezing in there and they're like, I got what? Chocolate? What did I
get? I think you got chocolate. I got chocolate or something. Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate.
Was it? I do this. I go, I go. Okay. So was it got a button? No, I think you can just,
you can just like, you know, you know, suck on it. Oh, God, sorry. Everybody give him a second.
He did. Because you know what else you suck on is ticks and titties.
All manner of hilarious things. So I go, okay. So how do you do it?
Because I was trying to make, and I wasn't paying attention to what I was doing.
You can't see the light because it's down the pipe right away. So I did it. So, so anyway,
Spencer turns around and goes, wow, that was, whoa, boy, you took a big hit there. I like,
and then I was like, yeah, the thing you got to know is like the big hits, you just not, not to hit
like that at first. Okay, don't do that. So I'm like, I don't really feel anything.
And then I go, Kate, we got to go to cryotherapy right now. Cryotherapy cry. Is it, am I pronouncing?
No, I assume cryotherapy. Flash frozen. So this is, this is, why did you want to get flash?
First of all, are you for real? Did you go to cryotherapy? Because you got too high?
Yeah. So second of all, then now you have to stop and explain not for a high vauding agent.
He was going to go anyway. Everybody listening. Well, we were talking about it for a long time.
We kept like, we were going to do, I had the whole day. Just tell them what cryotherapy is.
Cryotherapy is something that Joel Hodgson told me about. He went on, like, when we were doing
mystery science theater this summer, like, after every shoot, he would go, Hey, man,
you want to do some cryotherapy? Man, it's pretty cool. You should check it out. It's good for your
skin. Help my back. Might get frozen while some crazy movies playing and have some kind of stuff
to say about it. You got to do it, man. It's the best, you know. And so, so I, I never did it,
but I, I always wanted to try it. And then, and the thing that I go, so what do you do is, well,
you go into this, like, shower sized room that is like, like, lots of degrees below zero. And you
go in there for three minutes and you do jumping jacks and you get it. And what it does is they
get, it makes your body go into this fight or flight mode where everything is on deck going, Jesus
Christ, what are you doing? This is, you're trying to kill yourself. This is stupid. And it's supposed
to, like, bring supposed to, you know, be good for your skin, but mostly wake you up and if you
sleep at night. Yeah, yeah, I know, I know, I know. It's probably stupid. But anyway, how much, how
much, how much, how much, how much, how much, how much, how much, how much, it was way, what's the,
what's the number that would make you then not go white people? What's it, if it was seven dollars,
would you be like, all right, okay, fine. It's seven dollars. I'm like, okay, freeze me for seven
dollars. It still, it wasn't seven dollars. It's still, it's always going to be white people.
Just walking into a shower where it's cold, white people, some shit you have in your house. But
that part, but I do believe that it is probably one of those things where it's like, it's a thousand
dollars. I mean, it can't be, because if it's 30, if it's 30 dollars, you wouldn't do it, right?
Like you can't, you don't freeze your body, even if it only caused them a nickel, they'd make more
money if they charged $90 than 30, because it wasn't 30. It's like, I'm not going to have you
freeze my body for the price of a transformer. What, how much was it? I don't, I didn't, I didn't
set it up, dude. I was fucking, I was, that's my guess. My guess is $179. All right, okay, fine.
And there's specials for couples and whatever. So anyway, Joel is telling me, you do this,
you do this, man, you're doing, they play music and you dance around there if you want. And I go,
do you get to pick the music? Yeah. What song did you, did you play, Joel? Tell me. And he's like,
you got all bashful. And he goes, do you believe in life after love by, by Cher? Because Joel's a
huge Cher fan, as we know. We're like, he loves Cher. Like not, I, I didn't know, I learned from
this. Yeah. Well, he, he, he goes to Cher concert. It's, it's, it's amazing. So I go, Kate, and I'm
like, so we go there. 70 bucks. Is it 70? 70 bucks. How do we add a coupon?
It's like that is 30 bucks. I'll rub ice on your head. I'll make, I'll make you feel things and
come back. Deal, deal. So anyway, we, because we're a couple of weeks, we can both go in the,
into the chamber at the same time. And they go, okay, all right, Mr. Scrab and Kate friend,
whatever, you know, we're standing in our underwear, you know, like getting ready to
freeze ourselves to death. And, and they, and he says, what music do you want to listen to?
And Kate goes, money for nothing. And I'm like, no, no, we have to do, do you believe in life
after love by Cher? Oh, come on. She's like, all right, sure, fine. I'm like, okay, fine.
Are you guys Cher or a thing? Yeah, you, because we're a couple, we can do that. Okay. You and I
can do it next. Okay. All right. And so we go in there. And the guy goes, yeah, we can play that
song. We got an apple, whatever, we put it on, it goes in, it's freezing. And you remember being
in Wisconsin, where you're like, Oh, I got to throw out this, I got to let the dog in, whatever. I'm
too lazy to put on a jacket or a hat or whatever. It's like that feeling. I remember it totally.
And it goes, and it's freezing. So the music comes on. And it's the wrong song.
So everybody I'm assuming knows, do you believe in life after love after love? Good song. Good song
to jump around like an idiot so you don't freeze to death. Instead, they play, what's the song? I
wrote it down. After all by Sharon Peter Cetera, which is this love ballad. After all that we've
been through, it's just this. And we're both going, God damn it, wrong song, banging on the glass.
Wrong song. And the guy's like, he's like a carny. He's just like in a booth. I didn't know
there was a guy, he could see you. You want to go colder? It's pretty, it's pretty close to that.
Do you all have to get naked for this? No, no, no, but I'm in my underwear. We're both.
But you're not wearing pants. Yeah. I mean, you're in your unders. That's not naked. I know. But
the important answer to your question is this is a ridiculous situation. And it's much more than
a lot of us could get paid $70 to do. I'm not trying to high road this. I don't want to be one
of these practical guys. It's like $70 to be cold. I'm not going to be that guy. Don't. I'm not.
You're not allowed. I do crazy. I pay $70 to simulate living in a post apocalyptic
place in Boston where I spend nine hours a night sorting my living room. I'll pay for the high
resolution pack of a video game just so the cupboards could look better as I'm like figuring
out where to put my duct tape. And my fucking house is falling apart around me. And somebody's
like, did you put an orange Julius on the dog's head? Yeah, I don't care about life. I'm trying
to sort my fallout apartment. Anyways, continue. I just wanted to interject it with a little bit
of what the people really want, which is, wow. No matter how much you dilute yourself,
you still got a little bit of me in there. Keep going. Keep going. They got what they need.
Keep going. Okay. So the fucking computer system goes three minutes left. And you're like, oh,
fuck you. Three minutes? And we're screaming, fuck you. Wrong song. Kate and I are both going,
wrong fucking song. I fucking hate this song. This song made it last like it was eight minutes.
It was slow. I mean, at least with an uptempo song, it would feel
shorter. It didn't. This was awful. And then we get out and we go wrong song. Oh,
all right. You know, did you just press like any share song at random? It doesn't work that way.
It doesn't. You can get out. Did he say? Yeah, were you locked inside? That sounds
terrifying. No, I wasn't locked, but we committed to it. Okay, sure. And, and, and...
This motherfucker deserved it. And I deserved it. Did he say that he would make it up to you?
No. He didn't promise to?
No. I mean, after all that you'd been through.
Yeah. I don't even remember that song. I don't know that song at all. You're...
And I love Peter Sotero.
I'll play it. I'll play it for you later. And, but anyway, through this whole thing,
I'm still stoned AF, motherfucker. I am stoned as fuck. I'm just like going,
I would think this freezing cold sensation would sober me up, but I was fucked up all day.
After we leave, I go, hey, let's go to this restaurant that's right next door.
And we drove over there. We got it ordered all this food. I just kept eating, eating, eating.
Okay. It's like, you're just so, you're such a cliche of shaggy. What are you doing?
Then I went home and then I, you know, had to take the dog. I don't remember half the day.
I remember doing this a lot on the couch, just laying there. And then I go to take Lolly to
the dog groomer to wash the dog because she's got shit on her butt. And so I take, take the dog
over there. And then I was like, it's closest to where Steve Agee lives. So I go to Steve Agee.
I said, Hey, can I hang out while my dog's getting her ass washed? If I bring a bunch of ice cream,
I bring a bunch of ice cream over to Steve Agee's house. And he was watching the Twilight Zone.
I eat like a whole tub of ice cream, talked over the Twilight Zone. He was trying to record a podcast.
And then I was like going, Hey, my dog's done. Talk to you later. I don't think he said anything.
And I just left and I'm just, and then I was like, did I come over by your house yesterday
and talk over your television show and ate ice cream? Yeah. Yeah. You did all of that.
Yeah. A lot of people, I'm glad you're not then moving on to try to convince people that you're
not having the best life in the world. That's not, I think I would like to spend the day doing that.
It was, it was, it was quite good. I almost went to do VR like Star Wars VR.
You hear about this void? Yeah. Oh, okay.
Let me tell you something. Did you look at, he came out with notes like a, like an alternative
comic in San Francisco. He's got a, he's got a whole notepad. Here's another question. Here's
a question. Okay. All right. So, you know, I was watching this movie with Kate and it,
it was like this British movie came out last year. It's like these two old people falling
in love and learning how to dance and doing a whatever. I know it sounds right up your alley.
And throw me under the bus. I love feelings. Anyway, it was, it was sweet. It was cheesy
or whatever. And I was like thinking like, well, there's like this demographic, this
about Schmidt bucket list, Morgan Freeman, you know, Alan Arkin, like,
they, you know, it's like the matlock of movies or whatever, where they go, we're gonna go,
okay, we're targeting these baby boomers or whatever. You know what I'm talking about.
Yes. It's the, it's the something's got to give the right. What's with your, what's with your
croissant? Yeah, I'm kind of like, Mickey, Mickey Oldman and he wears a sweater. Johnson are,
you know, but it's like people that we remember as ghostbusters and stuff. Yeah.
Because I don't ask that our arteries are slowly my question to you as a writer and a producer
of various things. Do you think that when our generation hits that, are there going to be more
like sci-fi, you know, fantasy stuff featuring old people? Or do we just get to it? Jason Sudeikiss
and Allison Brie are fighting an insect monster. Yeah. But they're like, we're like good walkers.
Because it reminds us of a simpler time. Kind of back to the future.
Just showed up with the ray gun. God damn it. Well, do you love me or not? I don't know. We
grew up friends. All I want to do is see my grandchildren on Easter. Oh, well, Jesus, it's
not very sci-fi. But how about Kevin Hart in How We Go Get Back to Earth? Or when I was your age,
Earth was uphill, you know, because it'll be more about, it'll be more like, are we there yet?
You know, that sounds like that could come out tomorrow. Is there like a whole series of
how are we going to get back to blanks? Tiffany Haddish has, how are we going to get back tomorrow?
The Kevin Hart series, Kevin Hart 70, and it's a yes. How are we going to get back to blank series?
And then it gets to the point where it's so over saturated that the movies have to start
becoming like, how are we going to get back to meet the meets Jason Voorhees? I'm trying to think
of an example. It's like, God damn it. If I wish when we were making First Blood, we had known
that we were just making a franchise called Rambo. We made this so confusing. What do you mean,
Rambo colon First Blood part two? That's so confusing. What are we going to call the third
movie? I have an idea. Yes, Mr. S? Rambo three. Okay, fine. But that's not, I mean, our point is,
your point is make a third movie. But First Blood part two, look, we could call it second blood
and just get rid of the last. We could call it the bloodening. Yeah, just sort of keep it more blood.
Call it second blood, first blood, first blood, second blood, third blood, you know,
they would fucking die for opportunity to do that. They'd make so much money if they would have done
that. God damn it. I'm sorry. I hate that you've taken on this role. Oh, no, I don't. I love it.
I love it because it's I love irony. I love watching you turn into your mother. After all
of these years of friendship, we bonded, our original bond, it was like, you know, we bonded
over the fact that we were raised in a culture of, oh, you're in Milwaukee, and you got your
pacifier in your mouth, and you look at a Wrigley's billboard, and you're like, how come the billboard
makes look like a gum's a bad idea? And your and your parents go like, you're talking about it.
And we like bonded about it. We're like, yeah, man. And then to get out here and like make stuff.
And now look at you, man, you're fucking Saruman. And I'm Gandalf the White.
And I'll tell you what, man, put me on the roof of your tower and leave me up there forever
while you make new kinds of goblins. And then I hope you visit me every once in a while.
But I'll tell you what, man, there's moths everywhere. And they talk to eagles. And I will
get out of here because you should have just killed me. Okay, don't hate the wizard hate the
weird fucking rules. Yep. Yep. Everybody, everybody's against you. I know. Yeah.
Yeah. I get it. It's pretty bad. You got to know that's you. You know that guy's you when Gandalf
goes you when you watched Lord of the Rings, we never talked about it. Why is there we watch
grumpy old men are like, Oh, that's you. And that's me. Like, like, when we watched American Splendor,
we knew that, you know, you were crumb and I was the Harvey P car. We were like, Okay, that's us.
Yeah. And then, but, you know, we never checked in. We never called each other Lord of the Rings
ago. Come on, you're Saruman. Like when when fucking Gandalf rides up, he's like, I'm going to go
and the guy's like, Don't let me touch that ring. It's so powerful. I'm going to go talk to my friend
Saruman about it. He's the best friend I've ever had. I've never trusted anyone in my life. Don't
let me touch that ring. I'm so smart about this shit. I'm going to go to the library, look up a
couple things. I'm going to go see my roommate from college. I'll tell him everything. I never
trusted anybody more in my life. I'm just I live on a different plane where I know about everything.
And it's you. Yeah. And you're like, look into the crystal ball. What do you see? Oh, it is like,
I see it all because I'm fucking like, because you're yeah, that's you. I saw I saw that guy and
I was like, that's Schrab. And I'm the only one that sees it. You know, nobody looks at me and
goes, That's Gandalf. But like, I am like, I'm like, like the self destructiveness, like you
shall not pass. Who does that? Somebody that hates himself. Like he knows that's a ball rock. He knows
he's going to die. But he doesn't care. Because he's like, fuck it. You know what, people feel
sorry for me. I'll probably come back to life anyway. I get that. Why do you say they love each
other? And the way he said fly you fools so that people would spend a year trying to figure out
whether what he said, because we're like, what, what fire you fool? What? What did he say? Like,
he got to buy like special shit to know what he said. Close captioning. What? You gotta buy close
captioning. Yeah. But at the root of all that, you're basically saying, I love you, dog. No, dude.
Well, I mean, look, because you went way too deep on that for somebody who's not in love.
You can keep chipping away at this theory that I love, Rob. Like I people like to do that. Like
theories. This concept that you've been coming up with now, Rob.
Rob, do you have anything nice to say to your brother? That's not what this show's about. It's
not. It doesn't have to be a show about. Yeah, I don't want to share this anymore. I thought
this was funny, but can I ask you a quick question that everyone is probably did you call? Oh, I
texted my parents. You don't know this, but three people in the back just fist bumped.
I texted them a photo of my second Emmy with an arrow pointing at it because there's two of them.
One must be for humility. Are they most outstanding use of humility in a straight
white male? Does the new Emmy look newer than the old one? Can you see that? No,
well, I haven't looked that close to them. I'm high on life. Okay. So I texted the photo,
and then my mom texted. We just found out. Yesterday, congratulations. I'm very proud of
you. And then she said, did we ever congratulate you on your 70 episode thing? So cool. And then
there was like a pause. And then the last thing was from my mom saying, you were right. Leave the car
where it is, which I assume is just she just did you text your other dad as well? I did.
Actually, well, yeah, because he, he, he, my, my, my surrogate father, Heath Collins,
who is still dad and my phone texted congratulations. And I was like, thank you, dad. And we actually
bonded for a while about it. And yeah, it was nice. Actually, I think we've decided to just
role play that now. And it's kind of like, yeah, if that works, then that's, that should be how it
works. And you're glowing. You're glowing. Thank you. Very, very happy. All right. Let me read you
guys this because I want to be happy with yourself. So like I said, like I was saying earlier, so
you go like, okay, well, why isn't the tongue considered like more than it is? I mean, it's not
a limb, but it's like, you know, it's a fingernail away from being a mouth finger, you know, like
it's, it's, why is it, why don't we say it's like a tongue, the tongue, the tongue, way better than
a finger. Mouth finger. You could point with it. What you need is somebody to ground you.
Yeah, I mean, it's, I think we make, she won't come to Harmontown.
All right, let us have it. You know that we're tubes.
We're like big worms. Yeah. Not me. And then when you eat something, you're just rubbing up against
it with the outside of your body that became the inner ring of this like, torus shape that's
been extruded. Not me though. That doesn't apply to me.
All right. And that's why butt chugging will kill you kids. Don't do it. You're putting vodka into
a hole that is not designed. Butt chugging? Yes. Oh yeah. Kids are dying out there. They put funnels
in their asses and pour whiskey down it. And they're dying from butt chugging. And the ladies with
the tampons and the ladies and the tampons. Those are the people dumping vodka into your butt?
No, I don't know if they are. I don't know who's helping with that. The ladies and the tampons.
The vodka soaked tampons is the other thing. Vodka soaked tampons. It hits your system quicker
because those membranes are more, are less, less selective, I guess. What fucking Emmy parties
were you going to? I didn't go to any. I needed to die. Okay. All right. So I thought, okay,
why don't you click on something? And this is not, this is not, I just, I thought-
How soon? Is this an hour after we're talking? No, this is right before I came to the show.
Because I was like, I went to my email and I was like, what's going on? All right, I got to deal
with that. I got to deal with that. And then there's, I always get one email from the publicist
that's like, press roundup. And then I'm like, well, all right. And then I'll just see a bunch of
headlines. And I was like, oh, I, the show won an Emmy. So like some extra big email, it's all
hyperlinked. They go like, well, top, top one is AV club. And it says Pickle Rick won a fucking Emmy.
You know, it's like, which, which is more than just like reporting. And I just felt, I'm like,
I'm just gonna, I'm gonna look at it, see what the AV club take is. That's such a long relationship
with, with them as a metric of television culture and whatnot. Like, let's just read the paragraph
there. And it was like, you know, faithful reporting of the fact and whatever. And then I'm like,
God damn it, there's the, there's the comment section. And you can just see the top of one. And
they have like this interface where you can, you have to click to unclog, like all of it. And I,
sure enough, I fucking did. And I just saw this exchange. And this is not, this is not about me.
Not about you. I thought this was nothing to do with you. This is not, this is not, it's
everything about me. But it's not, it's not me going, you should feel sorry for me because
they're like, that's not what I'm doing. I'm like, I just think this is more like me kind of, in my
mind, this is me dancing on the graves of my enemies. Because my enemies are humanity at this
point. Okay. So it's like, this is, there's a, the top, there's a comment that starts it as this guy
says, is that Harmon's first Emmy? Hot take. I like Dan Harmon. Not just his shows. I root for
the guy. Yeah, he slips up and acts like a drunken asshole sometimes. He will admit to that and
apologize for it and try to learn from it. Harmontown is going strong, 300 episodes in,
well-deserved Emmy win. That could be any of us. It's a weird, weird way to express it and like,
but we're not going to nitpick any of that. Then the replies to that. Because now we've
started a conversation. Let's have it. I mean, hey, let's talk about this. This is what
the response goes, if he keeps slipping up, then he isn't really, all right, you know what, why
am I, why am I making this guy have a funny voice? Please do. Let me, sorry. I like the voice.
Let me make this guy James Brolin and let me just like, all right, let's keep him a funny voice.
Fuck this dude. James Brolin's good though. If he keeps slipping up, then he isn't really learning
from it, is he? Apologizing is easy. Fixing your shit is the hard part, says pimp hand of Cisco.
Yeah. Yeah. And then a person responds to them. Yes. And says, yeah, this person's responding
and they agree. Someone saw that and was like, yeah, I better get in there because same-z's.
Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes he strikes me as one of those, just do it and apologize if you get
caught type of guys. And he's just getting better at apologizing. What I think Schrab meant about
society's worst nightmare. What if this famous person is in an endless cycle of headlines we're
reading? What if he just keeps doing things we don't like and then saying he's sorry we didn't
like them? Oh my God, someone get a message to this guy before he wastes his life. Well, obviously
it's a joke more for me than you, I guess. I just thought, I guess I'm the only person that
understands what I'm talking about. I think there's a lot there. Yeah. It's a lot to unpack.
Right. Sort of. Sort of. I just, can you, I'm just like, okay. You know, yeah, yeah, yeah, he strikes
me as, stop right there. Who types that? He strikes me as I'm a human being. I strike you as nothing,
you don't know me. He strikes me as, he strikes me as a famous person is what he strikes you as.
That's how he's designed to strike you. That's how he will strike you because he's not your uncle
and he's not your babysitter and he's not your mailman. So he strikes you as a famous person.
No, no, no, no. He strikes me as, he strikes me as the kind of guy. There's a lot of different kinds
of guys. Let me get this straight. I'm going to go, hold on, Mr. Whiskers. Let me good little kitty.
You love it. This is the city of walking and calling is an outstanding parking ticket.
Your mother still needs that kidney. Anyways, God damn it's fucking distractions. Dan Harmon strikes
me as the kind of guy. I think he's just going to keep on doing things wrong. And then he just
is going to keep on apologizing for them. And I for one, I want no part of it. I don't want
any more part of it. I am closing my laptop, but I'm going to use ghost fingers to check in
and see if he breaks that cycle, because only then will he get the ghost reward that I give to
people who've become perfect. And by perfect, I mean doing nothing and therefore not apologizing
for it. I hate America. But I also, it's not easy to apologize. That sentence sucks.
It's not easy to admit that you make mistakes. It's easy to say my bad, my bad, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, whatever. Sit your ass down, bro. I'm sorry. See? And then you stopped reading,
I take it. Yes, I did. Good. At least I got that. At least I did. And maybe that's the only kind
of improvement you could hope for. 45 years old, three years from retirement. Okay, I got to the
point where I only have to read three comments down before I'm like, what are you doing? Take a
screenshot and start with your friends. And also that I'm like, yeah. Did you say three years
into retirement? Three years till retirement. Oh, till retirement. Okay. So yeah, like watch me.
What are you going to do? I'm going to play minecraft and I'm going to just sit around the
house and kind of just poke around and you know, I'm going to, I'm just going to sit around and
play minecraft. You can beat his ass. That's the first day of retirement. Okay. All right. This
is a story that'll make you feel better. Okay. So this happened to me on Labor Day. Labor Day. So
it's Labor Day evening. Labor Day is now Labor Night. And I'm going, I'm walking the dog. I'm
walking the dog. I'm walking the dog. I'm walking the dog. The dog starts to, Lonnie's taking a
shit. All of a sudden, car drives, stops in the middle of the road. Woman gets out. She's,
you know, she's like, I don't know, baby, you know, like 50, 55 or whatever. She goes, oh, oh,
oh, oh my goodness. Do you speak Armenian? Speak Armenian. I'm like, no, I do not speak Armenian.
And she goes, she looks like, oh my gosh, is something wrong? Or she's like, my baby fell
out or whatever, you know, she comes over to me. She runs to me and she's holding like what looks
like a gummy bear wrapper. And she's pointing to it. And she's like, why does the sheet like going,
please listen to me, please listen to me. She says, look, look, this is your walking your
dog and the driver stopped. Yeah, and she runs. She leaves her car door open.
Okay, Michael Winslow.
Doors open, car in the middle of the road runs up to me while my dog's shitting. And I'm trying
I'm trying to, you know, split focus,
because I got to watch.
Why are you f-
Nevermind.
Because I got to pick it up and I don't want to step on it.
Okay, so she comes up and she's like,
oh my God, sir, sir, please, please listen to me, please.
Look, look, and speaking, it's a gummy bear rapper
pointing, honey, honey, Costco, it'll grow back,
it'll grow back, it'll grow back.
And I'm like,
please, please, she's trying to give me this rapper at Costco.
Honey, it'll grow back, please, please.
And I'm like, I don't need that, madam, thank you.
And she's like, please, please.
And I start getting pissed, because the pleading
is like, oh my God, please, please, please, please.
The pleading, the, sir, you're pleading right now.
You are so bald, you don't understand.
You got to fix this shit.
I would never fuck you with my uncle's dick.
I can't believe it, that you're walking outside
with this gash across your face.
And I'm getting pissed and I go, I don't need that.
I'm happy with what I look like.
You can take that back to your car, please, please.
And I'm like, I'm not taking it.
I'm not taking it.
And she's like, goes back to her car.
And she's like, still yelling at Costco.
It's in Costco, driving away.
Wait, no, so when she was saying honey,
she was addressing you as honey.
I don't know.
She wasn't telling you to go to Costco
and get honey and rub it on your head.
Because she was trying to give you an advertisement
for either her or her sister's thing at Costco.
I didn't have my glasses on and I would not touch that wrapper.
But it looked like something she picked off
their car floor and looked like a gummy bear wrapper.
And she kept pointing at it saying, honey, later on,
I thought maybe she's calling me honey, like, sweetie,
seriously, we need to talk about your problem at Costco.
I know people that work at Costco who don't work for Costco.
They work within Costco and they have the whole sub industry
of people with little kiosks inside Costco, right?
So they're like, soak your fingernails in this
and like, that lady's head was like,
I think she's like, look, it was like Thanksgiving.
I get to tell Rita, I've been busting my ass for you.
Like, you know, she's like, I'm fucking,
like my family's gonna succeed
because I'm gonna like, I'm gonna push.
I was so stunned because the car stopped
and she flew out.
I'm like, okay, what adventure am I about to go on to?
Like, is this, like my baby was hit by a truck.
Could you please take me to the thing?
You know, I don't even, I'm like,
and then it slowly turns into this.
You got a serious problem up there, buddy.
The crazy thing is, how long has she lived in LA?
Has she ever seen a bald LAPD officer?
And if so, why is she alive?
If she jumps out of cars and charges people
with an unknown object in her hand saying,
like, I mean, she like, statistically should be done.
Now this is not necessarily like,
it's more of a tag than anything.
But, and then I go home and I ordered pizza
and I get back in and I'm like, I don't need to,
gotta be bare on my, I'm all pissed off.
And I'm, you know, like, this isn't fair.
People shouldn't talk to other people like that.
That's like, and then ding dong, the pizza's here.
I go downstairs now.
I don't know if this is related at all
or whether it was a weird night, whatever.
But the pizza place that I order from,
it's always the same guy that delivers the pizza.
And he's an Armenian guy and he's like, oh, pizza boy,
pizza boy, pizza boy, good, oh, good, hot, delicious.
And he's bald, you know, he's like me, you know,
shaved hair, you know, this time I go down
and he's wearing a wig
and sunglasses and I, I, you know, walk down there
and I looked at it and I smiled thinking like,
oh, this is Labor Day, he's gonna be dressing up
like Bruce Lee or something.
It's Burt Reynolds, it's a Burt Reynolds party,
he's going to.
And I was like, and I'm smiling and I'm nodding going,
ah, I'm getting closer and closer.
That's not a Halloween wig.
That's a real two-pay wig.
And I was just like, I had to hold the face.
All right.
Because if I dropped it, you could tell it's not real.
And that in combination with the encounter with that woman
like made you feel like Jesus Christ.
All Armenians hate bald people.
Yeah, yeah.
He was like, my wife, see you walking,
try to give you stuff that work for me, look head of hair.
Well, I told you about, I had an Armenian doctor
that, you know, when I had my ass problem.
Man, don't get us in trouble with the Kardashians
and this motherfucker.
You know, and then he, he one point said,
oh, you need, you need hair plugs.
And I was like, I don't think so.
I don't, I don't need them.
And he goes, he goes, here, let me give you some advice.
Eat what you want to feel good for you.
Look how everybody else wants you to look.
And I went, that is the worst advice I've ever heard.
I'm never coming back.
I think Woodsy Owl said that.
Didn't he?
There's our Captain Planet, I think we said that.
Put that on a T-shirt.
I was like, get the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck out of your own.
It's a Billy Crystal character.
Yeah.
I was like, what the hell are you talking about?
Your lungs are so healthy, but so fat.
Yeah.
So fat.
People just like having stuff to talk about, I think.
And it's like, oh yeah, you're bald.
Let's talk about that.
Yeah.
You just think when you're bald, you forget.
You forget.
You forget until somebody goes,
dah, dah, dah, dah.
Right.
Oh yeah, that's right.
What you're forgetting is the thing that you should forget,
which it's like, not to bald-splain to you, but it's like,
it's like, what you're being reminded of
is that you're being, that it's their perception.
It's only their opinion of you.
It's nothing to do.
I mean, I know this is all a big didoi,
but it's, you know, this last couple of years has been.
I mean, for you, I've known you since college,
and you were, you started losing your hair in college.
And as long as I've known you, I've always been like,
oh, I have this friend who has this different take on,
like, you know, it's like, we have these opinions about hair
loss and all this stuff, and we know they're all
unconscious and all this stuff, but now I'm thinning and back,
and I'm like, I've got my hymns, my forehims.
Forehims.com.
Forehims.com, like kit, because they're a sponsor sometimes.
I don't support those guys.
Hey, come on, man.
That's not snake oil.
They're real prescriptions that a real doctor prescribes.
Hey, hymns, hymns, if you're listening to me, you know,
all right, give it to me.
Grow my hair back.
If you grow my hair back, I'll give you $5 million.
What?
For hair?
White people.
Cry row therapeutic sessions in minutes.
It's crazy, the things that we say to each other
and say to ourselves, it's like, I'm not, I'm just like,
I kind of, just because of the age we're living in now,
where everybody's getting in trouble for everything,
which you could just cynically go like, I've had it,
I have had it, but also, it also just makes me think about
everything that's said and everything we're saying
to each other and all that stuff, but it's like,
even my own body, the things that I tell myself
when I look in the mirror, let alone like, just like,
yeah, it's weird, like, I don't know,
why am I trying to act like that's a big point that I'm
making?
It is weird.
Is this a new shirt?
Is this shirt new?
It's probably old.
I'm probably, I'm going through the closet and I'm like,
I have had guys maybe back me up, guys with fluctuating weight,
you get a shirt where the buttons are popping,
and you don't put it in the Goodwill bag right away.
Not if you're fluctuating weight, like, you take it
and you look at it and you go, I'll be back, motherfucker.
And then slowly over the years, because you keep getting
fatter, your weight fluctuates, but you keep getting fatter.
So if you're lucky enough to have a big enough closet,
like, you start to, the overall effect
is a large library of shirts that never fit you
for various reasons.
And it, every morning, I have like a 10-minute pad
that I have to give myself, because I'm like going through
and going, oh yeah, what's your name?
When did we meet last?
All right, Paul, time to take another ride around the fucking
block.
And then I'm like, OK, still won't work, that's fine.
Put it back.
I'll also just, like, I'll throw them, like, angrily.
Like, so then the, like, they go through the wash
and probably get smaller, but.
I think I assume this is one of those,
or maybe it's a well-bought, well, Bomfell shirt
from Bomfell.com.
Hey, kids, do you want a box of shit to,
you know what I heard in a podcast?
I, like, well, yeah, here's a generic ad that,
if you want to personalize ad for your company.
Hey, if you like this show, then you know, like me,
what it's like to not have a box of shit delivered to your house.
The people at boxofshit.com believe that shit should come
in boxes to your house, whereas they used to not be able to,
because the fucking infrastructure's changed.
So, like, look, we're here today, we might be gone tomorrow,
we don't know, it's all up to you.
We go to fucking Harmontown, there's a limited offer
for our listeners, go to boxofshit's gonna come to your house.
And some of the shit's just like, we're like,
oh my God, of course, thank God.
Like, and we don't know, you got a sprinkle box
of shit companies over the top of everything
and see what takes.
That's right.
Like, box of cat toys didn't work.
We, like, look, maybe my cat hasn't been special this month,
I don't want to give it another fucking box of toys,
fuck you.
Yeah, the beer of the month box.
You know, Warby Parker and people are like,
you know what fucking sucks, it's like shopping for glasses
or whatever, yeah, you gotta test it all.
Maybe your toothbrush, I don't know, maybe your foot.
I, hey, want a new foot?
Hey, it's me, your foot.
You want to go to the store for your foot?
There's a boxoffoot.com comes to your house.
You get a foot, whatever, there's a left foot
or a right foot, you go to your door,
there's always a foot.
You have a subscription to a foot,
you can rate it, subscribe to it, you can like it,
like a, put your foot on YouTube,
share it with your friends again, with a slender man,
you can eat your foot, you can tell it to a horror movie
a week or like a Hannibal Lecter-esque character
or walk you through which foot you should have.
The, what was I gonna say?
I forgot, the, I was listening to a podcast,
it was my first, I was like, that's irresponsible.
Like, cause we're in this Wild West
with podcast advertising and there's this true crime thing
I was listening to.
I think it was, it's,
I think it was a popular one,
Dr. Death, are you guys listening to Dr. Death?
No?
Okay.
Well, I thought, then good, then I'm Prometheus,
listen to it.
I think it's only three episodes in, it's like a Syria,
it's one of those things, it's like very, like dirty John,
he was listening to dirty John.
It's like just sort of a, they break up like a very curious-
Oh man, check that out, dirty John?
Yeah, listen to dirty John, holy shit.
Into a bunch of episodes and this guy was like doctor,
who's not, he's not necessarily just a sociopath
who pretended to be a doctor,
but then again, he was never a good doctor,
but he just kind of bluffed his way
through the medical system and was like gouging out
people's spines and like, very interesting.
And like early on in the podcast, the guy goes like,
and then his, and then he gouged out the spine
and then the person's leg turned blue
and then they had a stroke and now they're dead
and it's like, if you, and then he's paused,
there's this pause and then the same voice says,
this podcast may be making you feel very uncomfortable.
But nothing is more comfortable than a good pair of socks.
It was basically that, and I was like,
I was aroused from my bed, I was like, Cody, that's wrong.
That's not right.
Like they actually found, like in a world where no one cares,
like there's something fundamentally wrong about that.
I can't, like where you're like,
it's back to the 30s or something
where you're just like, you can just now get really like,
hey, like this podcast is going to offend you
or it's gonna raise your awareness of the civil rights era
as we go back in time to the 1960s.
But you know what, it'll take you back in time
more as like a Reese's kiss.
That's fine, right?
Cause it's like, who cares?
It's just like a segue.
But why was I offended by the socks making you comfortable?
Oh, it was because like, what if he said,
cause there's that podcast advertiser
that's like the real time shrinky dink,
like you can like call a number and have a shrink,
you know, it's like feelfine.org or whatever.
Like you can, it's like, you know, clear, clear,
clear, clear, fun talk, like talk to somebody.
It's like, don't kill yourself, like talk to this thing.
And true crime podcast will advertise it.
But like, what if he used that say,
is like, this is going to make you uncomfortable
talking about this guy gouging out spines
cause he's not a good doctor.
And like, hey, maybe you'll be next.
If that upsets you, you should call this company
that profits every time you're freaked out
and you call the number.
I guess that's what I was thinking is like,
like that's what triggered me in me.
It was like, you can't make people uncomfortable
and then tell them that socks will help.
It hasn't worked that way in years.
That's dangerous.
That's like a-
It's like a hamster wheel of necessity.
You can't, yeah, you can't be like,
if you're listening to this podcast,
you might, you currently might be afraid
of leaving your home.
You should buy a new television.
Okay, I guess that's what we do.
It's fucked up.
That's exactly what they do though.
That's why you see Taco Bell commercials
at like one o'clock in the morning
telling you that you should combo meal their shit
cause they know your stuff.
Yeah, I know that.
So why did I, so what was it about the sock thing?
I guess it was because-
You liked that segue.
It was because podcasting for me is like a little bit.
It's both sacred and unsacred.
It's sort of like,
I feel like Al Swearingen looking at his window
in Deadwood going like,
God damn, telephone wires, suck my dick.
You know, like,
I'm gonna stab a Indian in the stomach
cause I have-
Like, and I'm just like,
all the fucking senators here, fuck it.
I'm gonna fuck everybody.
Also, there's gotta be a little bit of love
for something that's kind of hard to do.
So maybe there's a little bit of admiration in there
cause it's a corny segue,
but that motherfucker went for it.
I always thought the podcast business
was gonna go like,
okay, everybody spread out
and say whatever the fuck you can think to say
to make people listen to you.
And then after we do that for a while,
let's slowly coalesce into networks
and then let's have those networks
engage in collective bargaining
with a newly subjugated corporate clientele.
Boy, was I wrong.
So, yeah.
What is it instead?
I don't know.
I wanna describe it.
Is this advertisers?
Yeah, it's just like,
it was just more like somebody else
thought that was like me,
but instead of a guy that likes to talk into a microphone,
that person loves advertising
and was like, hey, I'll tell you what, why don't we?
I belong to this agency,
that there's like agencies rounding up
the corporate clientele that are willing
to advertise on podcasts,
which are more high risk for them PR-wise maybe.
You know, it's a Wild West kind of thing.
So you notice the kind of clientele you're getting.
It's like, it's the kind that your brain goes,
oh, yeah, they don't risk anything.
Like Snickers isn't advertising during podcasts yet.
And yeah, so it's like somebody went around
and gathered all those people up into families
and then they collectively bargained.
Like, hey, what the fuck's your podcast about?
What, you fucking getting high and watching movies?
Yes, so is everybody's.
Come on, what do you got for us?
Well, I promise I'll tell everybody
I'll wear your socks for a dollar.
I don't want it to go that way.
There's something worse than just podcast advertising
about like true crime podcast advertising though,
isn't there?
It's like, and then like her blood was spread like everywhere
and no one could find most of it.
Also, tied gum, it's gum now.
It's gum now.
Tied gum?
Friends and clean their shirt.
Yeah, should have told you that last week.
Your clothes get cleaner as you wear them.
It's gum now.
It just seems gruesome to be all like,
yeah, man, fucking buy this because all these people died.
Have you guys heard the thing?
The body was wrapped in a soft blanket from Downey.
Is that what we're worried about?
If he was using the gravity blanket.
There was a pretty fun sophisticated like,
oh, first people to do it in a comprehensive way,
like podcast spoof that was like a,
it was a spoof of the podcast that I poked a little fun of
on here a while back about the,
and I was like done disappeared or gone up and vanished.
What podcast?
Up and vanished, I think is the real one, right?
And then someone did a spoof of up and vanished
that I think was called done disappeared.
And if you haven't heard it, it's really funny.
And it's also like sociologically edifying
because you're like,
you're living in the beginning of a new medium.
And this is like one of the first like actual
like kind of yank of vikings like of another.
It's like, oh, this popular podcast.
And then someone not only just sat there like me
and went like, you heard this one guy
needs to get a fucking haircut.
You know, somebody, somebody like dug in
and like did a spoof.
And I'm fascinated by that stuff too,
is we're watching it evolve.
Why do I have to try to take the fun out of everything?
I remember when I was like in my twenties,
like I got high with you and Sean McKenna
and we were talking about something.
And then like, you guys were talking about like songs
or something.
And then I was like, yeah, it's funny
because you listened to a first song with then you listen
and they talked for a while.
And then it was a big pause.
And then you and Sean both went like,
oh, is that how we enjoy things?
Thanks.
We said that in unison.
You both went like, you both, you both, you both.
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
Well, I mean, worse than that, I was like, I was.
Is it possible that Sean just said that?
No, it's not.
And I was just sitting next to him.
You're getting me wrong.
I know, I was being, no, that's exactly why.
I don't remember this story.
Because it was so important.
Caring.
It was so, you guys both looked at each other
and both had the same thought
and didn't even need to conspire about it.
That's, and I was like, you know, the old saying
if somebody calls you a horse's ass,
maybe they're a horse's ass.
If two people call you a horse's ass,
maybe get a saddle or whatever it goes.
Like, it was like, you guys were both like,
I just finished explaining.
I was just like, I'm always explaining everything.
I'm a fucking explainaholic.
Or, yeah.
Yeah, no, that's it.
That was the worst.
But with booze.
Can I ask?
It's a Simpsons joke.
That's what I was gonna ask you.
That's so hilarious.
Is you beat in quotes.
Oh my God, we beat the Simpsons!
We beat the Simpsons.
And you beat South Park.
Yeah.
And that's pretty fucking amazing.
How does that feel?
It feels, like, there's no, right, right.
Does that feel, huh?
That's a happy for once.
Humbling.
There we go.
Really?
Oh, sorry, sorry.
Fuck God, no, no, no, really?
Deliver me.
Does it feel, cause it feels badass.
It does feel a little badass.
It feels badass.
What I'm impressed, those guys, those colleagues,
like they come up to you, you're all at the same party,
you know, and it's like, it is, it really is like,
I, you know, you get jaded and you go,
oh, you know, you're never gonna win this fucking thing.
Cause it's like, and you, you,
Cause it's huge competition.
And then there's always like people,
that's all we, it's all we talk about.
Did you give it a speech?
No, you get 30 seconds, Justin.
Where did Justin go?
I want to thank everyone.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for this award for Rick and Morty Morty.
Oh my God, thank you.
Oh my God.
Thank you for this Emmy.
This Emmy is great.
Thank you for the Emmy, Emmy.
Thank you.
Drag them off.
We're playing a new score.
I don't know.
Justin went from saying whatever he said
to as we're all walking off.
It's like, I did it wrong.
I did it wrong.
I was like, Justin, no one up here heard you.
We're all freaking the fuck out.
Yeah.
Like no one heard.
And we'll never know.
Because who in that 11 people that were up there
is ever going to like, I think I'll find out what he said.
We're the only ones that will never know and don't care.
It's not aired.
Yeah, I think they're going to edit them together.
They'll do like a little shmemy roundup on FXX.
Was there anybody cool there that you got to meet,
that you were sort of like?
Molly Shannon was a presenter.
And she was right in the front row.
And she was like, as I was like coming back from,
you do this whole conveyor belt when you, if you win one,
and then you, and then you like, at strategic points,
they open the doors and let you back into your seats.
And I was crossing.
And Molly Shannon was like, I made eye contact with her.
And she was really sweet and nice.
And I think you're asking what I'm answering,
which is like, did you have any encounters with famous people
that you?
Just the ones you like.
Just like if there were any moments where you're like,
holy shit, I was talking to George R. R. Miley.
I mean, I saw, you know, they did this big Star Trek thing.
So LeVar Burton's up there.
And I'm like, I'm going to fucking mad dog.
I'm going to tell you, you know,
like I'm going to make eye contact with this guy.
Because I was like right in the wings,
I was coming back to the thing.
And I was like, and I just looked at LeVar Burton
and waited for him to look at me as I walked past.
I was like, he's not like, he didn't look.
And I was like, well, he's blind, isn't he?
Did he have his?
Right, he's blind.
He didn't have his thing on.
But I thought it'd be so funny.
Like, how amazing.
It was a low risk, high yield thing.
Because I was like, I'm going to totally mad dog LeVar Burton.
And on the off chance that he like looks and see,
because he peripherally like experiences like this,
like who's staring at me?
And then like, what if he had like, while he's on stage,
gone like, hey.
And then like, I had this fantasy in my head of like,
and then people would be like, what the fuck's going on over there?
Like, why is LeVar Burton like crouching down
and hugging somebody?
Who's that?
Oh, that guy's got an Emmy.
That's Dan Harmon.
What mountains can't he climb?
He's already got an Emmy.
Why is he like, well, LeVar Burton was like,
Jesus, I got to look this guy up.
Oh, he's a pedophile.
God damn it.
Well, I didn't know that.
God damn it, we were on such a great run.
And he just fucked it up.
Can you explain what is the LeVar Burton thing?
Oh, well, he was at your podium for a while ago.
Jeff was on an extended like tour.
And we were on the road.
We did like a fun like string of guest comptrollers, Gilbert
Godfrey, and there was some really fun.
And LeVar Burton was one of them.
Holy shit.
It was great.
So even with him.
I was married to Erin McGathy yet.
And he was like, in that podcast, he's like,
I'm coming to your wedding.
I think we're just shit-faced.
So you still feel a little shy to go over to LeVar Burton?
Well, he never came to my wedding.
So then I'm like, all right, are we beefing?
What if he googled me after that night?
All right, I'm coming to your wedding.
Google, oh, I can see through my visor.
This guy's trouble.
Who would you want to have as a guest comptroller
if you had any?
Brandon Johnson.
Like, what do you mean by default?
Like, if I was about to die?
You were saying, like, we had a great suite, too sweet,
like none of all these fabulous people on my show
comptrolling.
It was just so sweet.
I don't know if that was the line reading.
It was a lot.
You just made it sound like.
It was LeVar Burton.
Yeah.
He was hosting the show.
I understand that.
I'm saying.
Do you?
He did reading Rainbow.
Why do you have a lantern?
Like, an old, like, train conductor.
It's not even lit.
It's out of batteries.
It's out.
OK, great.
That's why you have it there.
That's why I have it there, to charge.
All right, lay down and beat.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Rhythm 2, the plate rhythm, has a fate, a destiny of time
gone by.
I fucked your mama in her eyes.
Didn't mean to, bro.
I fucked a rainbow.
Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet,
that's the spectrum.
All the colors come in.
Rainbow strips of brothers got red talking over it.
Orange saying, yo, orange is like what?
But we try to get along, and recognize
are the same color all along.
Because red can't be red unless it's really dark orange.
And orange eventually has to accept
that it's kind of a form of red.
That's why it's called the spectrum.
I think, I assume, I don't know.
There's probably actually a definitive delineation
between those colors that are super important scientifically.
But you better prove it.
OK.
Oh, five fingers of death.
Yo.
Yo, I ate a sandwich today.
And this is how it went.
Tell them about your sandwich.
I ate so many sandwiches today.
I had to install an extra air vent.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
I got that tempo that lets you rap good.
It lets you think about things that rhyme like what?
Doesn't matter what you do.
I could do my taxes while I say everything.
Well, that's probably going to rhyme with taxes.
Yeah, I'm a slow rapper thinking of the words
Little Rhyme later.
All right.
I just wanted to give people a segment.
You have to split it just a little bit.
The things that I don't.
New money.
Like, you know, the definition of our new relationship
is like, whatever I do for you guys,
it's not that I resent doing it for you, but it is a favor.
Wow.
It's not.
It's just a slight.
And look, if it's a deal breaker, I understand.
It would be a deal breaker for me too.
I don't need you.
Can you love someone that doesn't need you?
Was your relationship reliant on my insecurity?
I will remain insecure until the day I die.
Like, I'm going to my EKG or whatever that beepy thing is
that shows that you're dying.
Like, it's going to go beep.
And I'm going to go, oh, God, I fucked up.
I fucked up so bad.
I fucked up everything.
I'm going to be so insecure.
I'm going to die.
Like, I'm going to go straight to hell
because it's going to be just the sum of all of the tightness
that I had and all of the resistance I had to everyone's
love.
And I'm just going to like forever spiral
into this crazy, like self-created projection of torture.
So don't worry about me getting punished or being humbled
or figuring out that I did something wrong.
I'm sorry that when I say something wrong,
instead of saying it to three people,
I say it to 300,000 people.
And therefore, then there's a headline that says,
DNR, it says something wrong.
And then when I feel bad about it,
I go, hey, I feel bad about that.
And then it says, DNR, it feels bad about that thing.
Like, I can understand how you as a person would be like, hmm,
I think I'll examine who Dan Harmon is.
Oh, he said that.
That's fucked up.
Are you sorry about it?
Well, that should end that.
What?
He said another thing?
Well, now he's sorry about that.
Where's this going?
Life is where it's going.
Life.
I'm alive.
Yeah.
I'm dying.
I'm going to die in front of you.
There's nothing's going to change if that's
what you want to change.
I'm not going to turn into a cockroach.
I'm not going to slowly turn into a mummy.
I mean, I am.
I am.
But I'm not going to be like, watch me become sting.
He had a publicist.
It doesn't work the way you think it works
if you're waiting for me to stop being a bad person.
That it's like waiting for rain to taste like mint.
It's just it's a great wish, and I back you up on it,
and it's not going to happen.
And it's your fault for waiting for it.
I know I'm late to the party, but this British baking show
is fucking great.
Have you seen the latest season with Noel Fielding?
It's really good.
I sat down episode one and watched it all the way
through into the end, and I kept eating toast.
That's the one thing is you're talking about advertising.
They don't advertise on Netflix, but if they would clean up,
if they had bread commercials.
Because I was eating toast all day long.
I was toasting toast, which is weird.
You should say toasting bread into toast.
OK, anyway.
What is it called?
What's the?
British baking show.
It's just called British Bake Off.
It's called the Great British Bake Off.
Great, say again?
British Bake Off.
Does that suck, I patch nihilist?
Is that so bad?
OK.
Here's the thing that I noticed right away,
because I haven't watched a lot of reality television,
but most of the reality television
I've watched is American reality TV.
And the thing about the Great British Bake Off show
is everybody's so nice to each other.
They're helping each other out.
They're just like, oh, you dropped your thing.
Let me hear it.
You can use my fork or whatever you want to use my oven.
They're all helping each other out.
And even the critique is like, hmm,
it's a little up-sided, isn't it?
It's not like, what is this garbage?
It's like it's very positive.
And I think that show would make you happy.
I like the story about that woman costing you at an absolute
You would have been in fucking hand.
You said this will make you feel better.
And I forgot to tell you, by the way, that did fucking you.
That was insane.
Yeah, I've been wanting to tell you for a while
because I knew it would make you so happy.
And I don't think you understand how angry and short I was
with this woman who was, in her mind, trying to save my life.
And I'm like going, I don't need that.
Get away from me.
I was being very angry and curt.
Short.
I just kind of endlessly fascinated
with these cosmetic issues.
That's like a man starts to lose his hair, me.
And then I go, OK, I'm losing it.
But it's like there's lines between the clinical
and the cosmetic.
And every day we wake up and we go through routines and things
where we go, well, who I am is not going to work.
And I don't even mean I'm not going all punk rock on you
and going, oh, why do we wear makeup at all?
I mean, even people who don't wear makeup,
you look in the mirror and you have this moment
where you're like, if there's an eyebrow that's
shooting out of my head, maybe I would clip it with scissors.
No matter how low maintenance you think you are.
When you get a bald spot that starts to grow in your head,
and it's all just the weirdest thing.
It's this thing that I never see unless there's like,
I get a haircut and then they show me the mirror thing.
And then I have this like, I go, oh, god,
is there something I can do about that?
But I don't even understand why I'm thinking that.
Cody doesn't express anything like, oh, boy,
can you do something?
She's more aware than I am.
She's seeing in the back of my head
along with the rest of everybody more than I am.
And then you just say, OK, so every day
with the tweezing and everything,
like we're like, oh, god, I don't know, sorry.
It's new.
It's a crazy thing.
It's not new, but I'm new to it, I think.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
My bald friend, I can't talk about my relationship
with baldness in front of my bald friend.
I know, I get it.
Yeah, didn't start losing your hand.
You can't give me a bald pass.
That must have really interfered with your dating life.
You really probably didn't?
It's not dating life.
I have a girl I would spend the rest of my life with.
It's about the I don't understand
why we have feelings about our scalps.
It scares us to think maybe that's
what's going on inside, too, a little bit.
I think it scares us to go, well, we're falling apart.
We're decaying in front of the mirror.
That's what happened.
But what if your culture said that when
you can start to see a man's scalp,
that that was called the hardening or something?
Culture could easily, look at the fucked-up periscopes
we create for everything.
What does that mean?
But we're like, oh, shit, time is passing.
That's what that means.
It means you're not 25, for sure.
No matter how much you've been passing.
Or 22.
Yes, god damn it, I can't talk about this around you.
I get it.
No, you can't.
You're just like a guy that's playing uno
and you have all reverse cards.
Like, I don't know.
Oh, damn.
It's still a topic I'm allowed to have in my head,
just because someone's balder.
That doesn't mean I can't talk about it.
I didn't say you should stop talking about this horrible problem.
I should pay the ghost, pay the ghost,
to put it in Nicholas Cage terms.
Pay the ghost.
The classic Nicholas Cage movie, Pay the Ghost.
You're telling me you haven't seen Pay the Ghost?
I haven't seen Pay the Ghost.
Oh my god.
With Andre Brower.
He said something.
He said, pay the ghost.
Pay the ghost.
Yeah, pay the ghost.
It's one of the eight Nicholas Cage movies.
Nicholas Cage in a box is a service
that can come to your door.
You can, the only way to keep up with all of the movies
Nicholas Cage does every day.
In a cage.
It's the Nick Cage.
It comes in a hand cage.
It comes in a box.
Let me out.
It comes with a separate package of bees
that you activate them with.
What's that?
What is that?
Did you know that they edit the bees out of the wicker
man in the regular cut, like the vanilla cut
that you get on Apple TV?
Because Cody hadn't seen it.
I'm like, we got to watch Wicker Man.
And no fucking bees.
What?
So they went to the screening.
And people were like, holy shit.
Right.
Oh, no, not the bees.
Fucking hashtag.com.org.
italics.
Holy fucking trending shit.
Oh, no, not the bees.
And they're like, god damn it.
They're making fun of our movie.
That's the only reason why it's not Citizen Kane.
We got to take a little show them.
We'll just take that out.
Thanks for telling us how to get stronger, you rubes.
Now we're the best movie ever.
Come on, don't take the no, not the bees out.
That's bullshit.
Same thing with the Battlefield Earth.
Is about to say.
A lot of shit, man.
There was a lot.
Schrab and I saw that movie in the theater.
It was us in the front row and a lot of strange,
strangely identical group of people in white polo shirts
on the back that were.
They weren't in white polo shirts.
They were dressed like civilians,
but it was like happening.
A lot of applause over those opening credits.
Do you realize what's happening?
We're the only three people in this movie,
and the back two rows are the Church of Scientology,
who have been assigned to come see this movie.
And they're like, because we picked up on it
after a while because like, like, John Travolta would say something
and we'd laugh.
The three of us are like, ha, ha, ha.
And there's no silence in the back.
And then John Travolta would say something
that they'd laugh.
And we're like, well, that wasn't funny.
Yeah, that was his character making a joke.
I agree with that.
But oh, oh, got it.
All right.
Well, when it was based on the book by L. Ron Humbert,
and they were all applauding in the back, we were like, ooh.
But in that movie, there was so much more.
There was a bunch of crazy shit.
We watched it, and we were telling everybody about it
because there were no hashtags back then.
We were just like going into strangers.
You had to go and hashtag each person back then.
You had to say, hashtag Paul, hashtag Mary, hashtag Sebastian.
You had to like, every single person, you had to just text them
and be like, hey, here's the thing I'd like you to be talking about.
What is that hashtag?
And we were like, yeah.
But they were like, yeah.
And then they, like, I bought it on DVD and the scenes were gone.
Yeah, same with the bees.
You can only see the bees.
What was the scene?
What did Cheville have to say?
He was like, you said you wouldn't make it appear.
And it did appear or whatever.
Yeah, I can't remember.
I don't want to.
It won't work.
Were the Scientologists just enjoying the film,
or was their job to make the film seem better reacted to
as an audience than it actually was?
I don't think they thought it through past.
Let's just make sure there's always at least two rows
of Scientology people.
Yeah, no, that's what I mean.
Yeah, and so they didn't anticipate it in theater,
and then two rows of people.
So they didn't have their flow chart stopped there.
It wasn't like, if you're the only two rows, don't laugh at every joke,
because it'll seem weird to everyone, but you.
Also, please don't sneak out of the Church of Scientology
in this movie.
Yeah, don't take this opportunity,
just because it's a dark room doesn't mean you can go out any door you want.
You will report back to your bus and into your cryo chamber.
Bees were an important part of the Wicker Man.
That's it.
That's all I want to say.
The best part of the bees thing is when he goes, wait, what's that?
What is that?
What's that buzzing?
And I said, Cody, the clip, I'm like, this is what you miss.
I made you watch the entire Wicker Man,
because this was supposed to be in there, and it didn't happen.
Here it is.
I sent it to the YouTube link.
Did she, after the credits, were like, Wicker Man, Wicker Man, Wicker Man?
It's Christmas in the post-pictures.
Don't call it a chair.
It's not something you rock in.
I've got a thread to the twigs and the spiraling in,
and I've got a rabbit culture that's a paganistic.
And then Cody was like, I don't understand why you thought it
was such a bad movie.
It was really cool.
Yeah, she really dug it.
I was like, well, you got to see this bee scene.
It's so fucked up.
Yeah, I guess if you would add that, that would be a silly movie.
But that movie that you watched, the edited film, the vanilla version
you called it, was great.
That was really good.
That was good.
I sent it to the scene, and she said, do you think we didn't see it
because we were fooling around or something like that?
And I thought it was an auto-correct typo.
And I said, are you asking if Nicholas Cage was just
trying to make the crew laugh?
Or are you asking if they were just, in the edit,
were just having a good time?
Oh, you mean did we start fucking?
I thought like, it says it wasn't a typo.
You were texting her?
Well, because she's sitting next to you?
Well, it was later.
It was the next day, because I sent her the code.
I was like, by the way, that movie is what you missed.
So the movie ended, and you just ran to bed and went to sleep.
You didn't like go, this is the thing?
I said, I said, there's no bees.
We're here for the bees.
There are bees.
Well, movie's over.
Goodbye.
I'll text you the video.
I'll text you tomorrow.
I'm so asleep.
I'm sleeping.
I don't want to see the bees.
I'm asleep.
I'll race it to tomorrow.
I got there first.
If you were listening to the story,
the subtext there was that the movie
we didn't make it to the end.
Because of my active love life.
Oh, OK, sure.
Nice.
So you didn't watch until the end of the movie looking at you?
He was burning to death.
And I was probably doing a really good job of fucking it.
You know?
I was like, oh, god.
Did you have to hear about how good you eat pussy again?
I ate it so good.
Do we have to sit through another nine-hour dissertation
when we know how good Dan Harmon eats pussy?
I've been hearing this story since you were 19.
Oh, I eat it like a small dick, but I eat pussy.
So fucking good.
Rob Schwab, ladies and gentlemen.
I have no complaints, man.
Worth every penny.
Why they come?
They keep coming because I eat so much fucking good pussy.
I'm not going to feel bad about having a small dick.
But you eat pussy so good.
I'm sorry you picked up on the fact that I.
I picked up.
You're reminding everybody every five fucking seconds.
If I got, if I ate pussy again.
Dan uses the story so simple.
What did you do Labor Day?
Well, I ate pussy good.
That's not true.
In laws.
The only thing that's true about that
is that I'm transparent about not having a show.
Or a grower, or a grower frankly.
The truth is you could wait all night.
Like it's not grow, it'll grow.
And then you're like, really?
Okay, I grow.
So.
But the jamming out is I eat the pussy.
I don't, I don't, I don't.
Like you go home and look it up.
I don't do that.
Go look it up on the Wikipedia.
It'll tell you I ate pussy good.
I don't know what else anyone would expect me to be good at
given my situation.
But I, and so I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna be like,
I'm terrible at eating pussy.
I don't know.
All right?
That's fair.
But I don't brag about it.
I'm probably great at it.
I gotta be great at it.
Oh my God.
See?
This is how you get it.
I must be.
My dick is so small.
Like I must be amazing.
Like look at the women that have stayed with me
for more than a year.
Like they've, they've got to be getting something.
Like, like, it's, it's, it's, and of course, whenever I ask,
they always say it's great.
So who would do that?
Oh, I just heard it.
Oh.
Yeah.
God damn it.
That was my joke.
It was good.
I'm well aware that if someone asked you,
did I eat your pussy good,
you would probably say yes,
whether he did or didn't.
See, the secret is that you spell the alphabet.
She got the joke.
I mean, if a motherfucker bakes a pie
and it takes like 18 ingredients and they burn it,
you're still going to be like, this is delicious.
Give me a beat.
Buh-nah-nah-nah-nah.
Let's talk about this pussy.
Eat this.
We're going to trade off though, right?
For the closing number.
Yeah.
Right.
Old school.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Ha-ha.
What's up?
I'll do the, I'll do the sound, to the sound sample.
Oh, love to eat that pussy.
It's, it's like an old forgotten Motown song.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Oh, love to eat that pussy.
She's stopping over.
I'm going to eat that pussy like a Trescan,
the home to Grover.
That's what that sounds like.
Grover eating pussy.
You feeling the rock to pussy?
Like you was rocking Stussy.
I'm passing it to you.
It's doing old stuff.
Like we used to do.
Pussy, yo.
First you take your tongue and then you run it up and down
like a marathon run, son.
I'm going to go the distance up to the clitoris-tis.
I'm going to make you come like listening this.
I'm putting my tongue inside and rubbing it around
like my name was Brahide.
Pussy?
I know.
It's, there's no language that's going to go good with this.
Pussy?
If you're waiting for descriptions of pussy eating,
it becomes somehow attractive and reactive to the fact,
the fundamental fact that talking about it,
like it's a competition, makes it bad.
But anyways, where was I?
I licked her mom's pussy so hard I got a fuzzy eye.
I tried looking inside like a periscope
because she opened her mouth wide.
And so I saw an enemy sub, Red October,
coming around.
I said, rub a dub, dub.
Because I was in the bathtub with your mama eating her out.
Oh, shit.
Here comes Commander Cloud.
Nice.
Raw deal.
I'm going to eat that pussy like a meal.
I licked it down with your poop.
I love to eat the fuck.
My favorite food group.
I drop a mic, but I don't drop a verse.
Almost died.
Get a fucking hearse.
Oh, shit.
Ladies and gentlemen, that has been Harmontown.
We out there eating that pussy.
Rob Schwab, Spencer Crittenden, knowledge for Brieka,
sitting in for the lovely Steve Levy.
LaShane Orteva, Happy New Year.
Zac McKeever, Kris Boruff, Sarah Hill.
Thank you so much from the downtown dynasty theater.
We love you, Jeff Davis.
We miss you so much.
I've been Brandon Johnson.
Good night.
Two-time Emmy winner, ladies and gentlemen.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.